Add application architecture diagram (#1055)
iFixit/react-commerce: README.md

You can run the backend both using SQLite and using Postgres with docker compose. For now the recommended approach for local dev is to just use SQLite.

> :warning: If you are running Strapi using docker compose, be sure to delete `backend/node_modules` first, as your OS might differ from the docker container OS, so you want the docker container to install dependencies by itself.

The `frontend` directory is structured as follows:

-  `pages`: contains the Next.js routes (usually these just export code from a template)
-  `models`: contains business logic (e.g. how to fetch product list from API, how to subscribe to newsletter, etc.)
-  `templates`: you can think of these as view controllers. Templates are especially useful to handle multiple routes (e.g. product list template is used by several routes, like `/Parts`, `/Tools`, `/Parts/Mac` etc.).
-  `layouts`: contains the layouts that each page can use. Right now we only have a default layout, but in the future we might have pages that will require to use a different layout component.
-  `components`: contains the React view components
-  `helpers`: contains reusable custom app-related helper functions

> -  `lib`: contains custom libraries that can stand on their own (e.g. `lib/algolia`). Think of these as packages that potentially could be used in other projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  `lib`: contains custom libraries that can stand on their own (e.g. `lib/strapi-sdk`). Think of these as packages that potentially could be used in other projects.
```
